[Core] Tri Layer Keys (#19795)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_tri_layer.md

# Tri Layers :id=tri-layers

This enables support for the OLKB style "Tri Layer" keycodes.  These function similar to the `MO` (momentary) function key, but if both the "Lower" and "Upper" keys are pressed, it activates a third "Adjust" layer.  To enable this functionality, add this line to your `rules.mk`:

```make
TRI_LAYER_ENABLE = yes
```

> Note that the "upper", "lower" and "adjust" names don't have a particular significance.  They are just used to identify and clarify the behavior, and the layers don't have to be in any particular order.  However, layers are processed from highest numeric value to lowest.

Reviewer: The 2 last sentences kind of contradict each other, something more like
```suggestion
Note that the "upper", "lower" and "adjust" names don't have a particular significance, they are just used to identify and clarify the behavior. Layers are processed from highest numeric value to lowest, however the values are not required to be consecutive.
```

Author: Yeah, that's a lot less ambiguous. Thanks

> For a detailed explanation of how the layer stack works, checkout [Keymap Overview](keymap.md#keymap-and-layers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a detailed explanation of how the layer stack works, check out [Keymap Overview](keymap.md#keymap-and-layers).
```

## Keycodes :id=keycodes

| Keycode              | Alias     | Description                                                                                             |
|----------------------|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `QK_TRI_LAYER_LOWER` | `TL_LOWR` | Momentraily enables the "lower" layer. Enables the "adjust" layer if the "upper" layer is also enabled" |
> | `QK_TRI_LAYER_UPPER` | `TL_UPPR` | Momentraily enables the "upper" layer. Enables the "adjust" layer if the "lower" layer is also enabled" |

Author: ```suggestion
| `QK_TRI_LAYER_LOWER` | `TL_LOWR` | Momentarily enables the "lower" layer. Enables the "adjust" layer if the "upper" layer is also enabled" |
| `QK_TRI_LAYER_UPPER` | `TL_UPPR` | Momentarily enables the "upper" layer. Enables the "adjust" layer if the "lower" layer is also enabled" |
```

## Configuration

To change the default values for the layers, you can change these defines, in your `config.h`

| Config name              | Default | Description                              |
|--------------------------|---------|------------------------------------------|
| `TRI_LAYER_LOWER_LAYER`  | `1`     | Sets the default for the "lower" layer.  |

> | `TRI_LAYER_LOWER_UPPER`  | `2`     | Sets the default for the "upper" layer.  |

Reviewer 2: A couple typos
```suggestion
| `TRI_LAYER_UPPER_LAYER`  | `2`     | Sets the default for the "upper" layer.  |
```

> | `TRI_LAYER_LOWER_ADJUST` | `3`     | Sets the default for the "adjust" layer. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `TRI_LAYER_ADJUST_LAYER` | `3`     | Sets the default for the "adjust" layer. |
```

Eg, if you wanted to set the "Adjust" layer to be layer 5, you'd add this to your `config.h`: 

```c

> #define TRI_LAYER_LOWER_ADJUST 5

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#define TRI_LAYER_ADJUST_LAYER 5
```
